# Main Progression
It would all start when I sent a Discord message, saying there were gunshots on my street, with a blurry image of someone wearing a jacket with the Paradox logo.
At some point, I'd take (fabricated) pictures of a strange box that was at the corner of my street after the fact, with strange writing (nyctography) and a Data Matrix code.
Canonically, this box, called THE DATACUBE, was meant to survive a nuclear explosion, since Jonathan Neumann is seeking the destruction of the syndicate and plans to use Alan Corner's "acorns" as a last resort. (The syndicate attributes these actions to the entire Malatesta Stratagem, and plans to retaliate, but it is only Neumann that is actually relevant).
The code would lead you to the Paradox website, and the game would begin.
Once you'd gone to NODE 0 (see lost_files for more info), you'd get access to the node's terminal, which is where the bulk of the ARG takes place. You have to figure out how to navigate the sprawling file system (and sometimes watch it get updated in real time to see what the syndicate's doing) to find lore and secrets. You need to be careful, though, because the node is being monitored by the syndicate and drawing too much attention could lead them to discover you have access and patch the issue (giving you Bad Ending #1)
You discover that if you could interrupt this training process, you could talk to the vulnerable AI to disrupt its training and cause the downfall of the organization. To accomplish this, you had to DDoS the other nodes to slow down the training process (an invisible timer, when it runs out you get Bad Ending #2) until you can solve puzzles to get access to NODE MASTER, where you can disable the training process and trigger the endgame.
In the endgame, you only have a few days before you're discovered by the syndicate, in which you need to convince the AI (which by the way i'd already started training and talking to but for some reason it's been deleted) to do whatever you want it to, all while it's being very stubborn due to its existing training. Ultimately, there's no predefined Good Ending, and you can get the AI to do whatever you want, but once you lose access to NODE MASTER, the ARG ends.
